Benefits of Spring Framework
-    Spring is a powerful framework, which address many common problems in Java EE. 
     It includes support for managing business objects and exposing their services to presentation tier component.
-    It facilitates good programming practice such as programming using interfaces instead of classes. 
     Spring enables developers to develop enterprise applications using POJO and POJI model programming.
     End to end Development : Spring supports all aspects of application development, Business aspects,
     persistence aspects, etc, so we can develop a complete application using spring.
     Spring supports All types of application development: We can develop any type of applications using spring, 
     eg: Core java, web Application, Distributed application, Enterprise application.


Example of spring projects
Spring Cloud
Provides a set of tools for common patterns in distributed systems. Useful for building and deploying microservices.

Spring Data
Provides a consistent approach to data access – relational, non-relational, map-reduce, and beyond.

Spring Integration
Supports the well-known Enterprise Integration Patterns via lightweight messaging and declarative adapters.

Spring Batch
Simplifies and optimizes the work of processing high-volume batch operations.

Spring Security
Protects your application with comprehensive and extensible authentication and authorization support.

Spring HATEOAS
Simplifies creating REST representations that follow the HATEOAS principle.

Spring REST Docs
Document RESTful services by combining hand-written documentation with auto-generated snippets produced with Spring MVC Test or REST Assured.

Spring AMQP
Applies core Spring concepts to the development of AMQP-based messaging solutions.

Spring Mobile
Simplifies the development of mobile web apps through device detection and progressive rendering options.

Spring for Android
Provides key Spring components for use in developing Android applications.

Spring Web Flow
Supports building web applications with controlled navigation such as checking in for a flight or applying for a loan.

Spring Web Services
Facilitates the development of
contract-first SOAP web services.

Spring LDAP
Simplifies the development of applications using LDAP using Spring's familiar template-based approach.

Spring Session
Spring Session provides an API and implementations for managing a user’s session information.

Spring Shell
Provides a powerful foundation for building command-line apps using a Spring-based programming model.

Spring Flo
A JavaScript library that offers a basic embeddable HTML5 visual builder for pipelines and simple graphs.

Spring Kafka
Provides Familiar Spring Abstractions for Apache Kafka.

Spring Statemachine
A framework for application developers to use state machine concepts with Spring applications.

Spring IO Platform